For my project, I wanted to stray from the traditional human character. Instead, I opted for a very non-human entity (a toy shark) with a human-like conscious. My project takes place within a pawn shop, and at the beginning of the audio, the shop owner, an old Dutch woman named Ruth, walks out of her car and unlocks the shop for the day. At this point, our unnamed shark protagonist wakes up (using a yawn to signify that even toys sleep) and begins to talk. One thing that I wanted to make obvious from the beginning is the fact that the shark lives in total isolation. Sure, there are people and other toys around him, but that doesn't change the sense of isolation our hero feels. Unlike Toy Story, there is no intermingling amongst the toys. Despite not being explicitly stated (yet), the main character has no sense of the other toys' sense of self. In other words, our character simultaneously can only know how he feels and not how the other toys feel. One point that I wanted to address was the shark's bitter attitude towards life. He's a damaged toy, one that kids are not particularly fond of, and this gravely affects his mental well-being. Much like the way Quentin Tarantino usually only has one script and gives his actors the bare minimum amount of dialogue needed, the furthering of this story is to be kept a secret. However, next steps include expounding upon the sense of dread and isolation the character feels. Every day, he is consistently not picked by kids. Some more dialogue is needed, as I plan on having potential customers walk in and publicly judge our finned protagonist. Furthermore, another piece of audio that I've been hunting for since day one is background music that isn't obtrusive or distracting and that "unintentionally" fits the plot.